Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we're going to make all this clickable.
Okay, then I got to do this over here.
We're going to create a variable.
I'm going to call this variable page index, and you're going to set it to zero, which is going to
be the first item we have.
That is the meet and chat.
Okay.
You can see it wants us to specify the type of variable.
This is a number.
So definitely it has no decimal and this is going to be ints.
Right?
Okay, great.
Now the next you're going to need to do is to update the UI and in order to update the UI, we're going
to need to use the set state.
And this state is not available in this state, less widgets.
So what we need to do is to provide this state for widget.
And in order to do that, all you have to do is to light and then you scroll trends that converts to
state for widgets.
Okay.
Now the bottom navigation bar also has a property known as on tap.
This is a function.
Okay, now over here, we're going to pass the E!
Dance, which is also referring to the stats and points.
That's the zero.
Okay.
And now we can use this says State.
You know, that sort of dates the UI said state.
You can see now is available.
Okay.
Then what we can do is we can call this river card page a dance.
Then I'm going to say equal to the IDs.
Okay.
Great.
Now, over here.
What we just have to do next is.
Called the currency DES, which is also a property of this den, I'm going to say is equal to the page
indents.
Okay, that's a zero.
So what this is going to do is.
Okay, now let's just try this out first.
Click on this.
You can see it is now clickable for the now over our year.
We said it's going to be zero.
Right.
Which means it's going to be your first.
I caught this first item right that over here we are using a function called ONTAP, which is a property
found in this bottle navigation bar.
Right.
And over here we are passing the Indians.
And the way we are using this state, which is whenever I would click on any of this, we then want
to date this zero.
Okay.
Now you can see where we are seeing the current index.
That's all the current page is going to be zero.
So for now, for now, without clicking on any of this is going to be zero.
Right.
Let's just hit zero.
In this country an excessive.
It's going to be at this first.
Now, you see now when you click on this is going to update to what's what.
Okay use country in this.
He's going to be at this now.
Mickey Casey, when you click on any of this, again, you can see this on tap and this is the post
navigation bar.
So it's it has notice of all this.
So as well is going to have data to see and so on.
So what we are just doing is passing the page.
Page indents, so it will automatically update itself, right?
So whenever you click on this is going to update this page as to zero one, two and so on.
And for the starting point it is at zero, right?
So we want this first, okay?
This trend is to save and that is basically it fully understand why if he does is absolutely fine and
you can do what?
So let me know.
So I will try my best to play better.
So you okay guys see you in the nest.
That.